Update sun.py to use GeocentricTrueEcliptic (#4584)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4584.trivial.rst

> `~sunpy.coordinates.sun.apparent_longitude()` and `~sunpy.coordinates.sun.apparent_latitude()` functions will now use `~astropy.coordinates.GeocentricTrueEcliptic` coordinates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sunpy.sun` functions now make use of the `~astropy.coordinates.GeocentricTrueEcliptic` frame to simplify internal calculations, but the returned values are unchanged.
```
